When my father's sister and her husband were to help us with this,
Auntie would take us to the meeting.
I used to spend night and day studying.
I liked what I was always learning
and what really got to me was the hope of everlasting life and paradise
because I hated death as a child.
A year after I was baptized I decided to do full-time service
but my employer didn't want it
so he did everything to discourage me.
I was determined regardless of what.
I was going to find out.
I went to there, it was an isolated territory.
It was very hot down there.
There was no congregation or anything there.
We didn't have public transportation so we depended on our feet
to go from door to door.
We cross rivers, take our shoes and go cross the water.
It was a very productive and territory.
If I call, I'd say, three or four doors,
you get two or three bambas to this out of it.
And if you have ten bambas to this,
you can say from the ten, sometimes four horses out of them,
take this time.
And then in a short while,
we were able to form a group,
an isolated group,
which eventually grew to be a congregation.
We were married for fifteen years.
He loved the ministry.
2001, my husband died,
he died in May.
And then to the August,
I was diagnosed with cancer.
You can imagine coming out of one situation
into another situation.
And it was quite devastating
because it got to a four-stage anesthetic over.
I don't want to die.
The doctors did very well.
The whole was supported me, of course, a hundred percent.
I never thought of stopping food out of service.
We know the whole is not the one responsible.
The whole of it, his love,
has made a arrangement to get us out of it.
So whatever it is that we are going through,
the whole of knows he supports us.
And when we think of an insignificant we are,
you know, on how he reached out to us.
And his son,
I feel privileged to be used by Jehovah.
When difficult situations come,
I am not worried.
All I keep saying Jehovah, please,
don't let me give up full-time service.
And so I keep on encouraging my younger ones, especially,
keep your face and thought and everything on pandering
and don't worry, just go on.
I see myself as planting and watering,
and Jehovah is making it cool.
And it let me feel very useful to Jehovah.
And I have never gets rid of all the years that have pioneered.
Because I recognize that I have not mistote on anything.
The only thing I have mistote on really
are the troubles that I could have gotten in.